Add in-line tabs and copy-paste functionality to docs (#1905)
alteryx/featuretools: docs/source/install.md

# Install

> Featuretools is available for Python 3.7, 3.8, and 3.9. It can be installed from pip, [conda-forge](https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/featuretools), or from source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Featuretools is available for Python 3.7, 3.8, and 3.9. It can be installed from [pypi](https://pypi.org/project/featuretools/), [conda-forge](https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/featuretools), or from source.
```

To install Featuretools, run the following command:

````{tab} PyPI
```console

> $ python -m pip install featuretools

Author: updated
